

Table of Contents

I. Introduction
II. Requirems
III. Ranks
IV. Meetings
V. Elections
VI. Treasury
VII. Other Stuff

I. Introduction

  Mordor. The vast multi-user dungeon you're probably well familiar with. Anyway I decided to
create this guild for many reasons. One of which is tolerance. Several guilds i've been in before
would have your head on a plate in a minute if they found out you were a member of another guild.
And yet, from my past experience in leading a guild, attractiveness and popularity is what seems
to win the members. And I hope that you decide to join this guild, even if your a member or not
of another guild, because of tolerance.

II. Requirems

  None. That's right. N-O-N-E! Well that is, unless you don't have a charecter...

III. Ranks

  The leader of this whole biz is called the 'Lord of the Guild'. The Lord manages all the 
meeting times, collects the funds, and so forth. Next in line is the Assistant. It's a crappy
title but s/he acts as the Lord when s/he is not present for the scheduled meeting. Further down
the line is the guild's armed force, the Phlanyx (sp). This group consists of anyone who's a:
Ranger, Paladin, Fighter, or Barbarian and is not an Assistant or Lord. Below this in rank is the
Helper rank. These people function as the middle counsel, and give advice and are generally the
voice of everyone below to the Assistant or Lord. And to mimic the upper administration there is
a Chieftain and a Vice-Chieftain who lead the Helpers. Below this is everyone else. And it is
very nice to participate in several of our activities, because those who help the most recieve
the greatest rewards!

Rank Chart:

                        Lord
                         |
                      Assistant
                       /    \
                 Phlanyx     Chieftain/Vice-Chieftain
                    |                 |
                    |           Helper Counsel
                     \               /
                      -    Member   -

IV. Meetings

  The Guild shall meet on every Saturday (unless specified otherwise) at around 7:00 PM EST. If
you cannot make it to a meeting then please give your email to either the Assistant or Lord and 
s/he will send you a copy of that meeting's logs so you won't miss out too much. In the meetings 
the ranked members should equally listen to a Member's story, complaint, and so on. And so should
the Members, but that doesn't mean we should all talk at once. I suggest that we shouldnt talk 
all at once. Where do we meet? In the game, at a place called Thenardier's Inn (the place with 
red-eyed rats in the alley) It is near Netherworld/Wakeforest Intersection towards the southeast.
Just in case you dont know.

V. Elections

  The Helper Counsel, Chieftain, Vice-Chieftain, and Assistant positions will be elected. However
there are a few rules that show who qualifies:

  Helper Counsel: Must have helped the guild in general at least once.

  Vice-Chieftain: See Above.

  Chieftain: See Above, but must have twice instead of once.

  Assistant: Must be a Chieftain or Vice-Chieftain.

We will have elections in meetings whenever a position requires so. If you lose your position,
you can become that position again if elected so.

  Helper Counsel: Consists of 1 to 6 people. A term lasts for 2 weeks, and a member can only be
re-elected 3 times in a row, then must become a Member. 

  Vice-Chieftain: Consists of 1 person. A term lasts for 3 weeks, and a member can only be 
re-elected twice in a row, then must step back down to the Helper Counsel if possible. Else 
becomes a Member.

  Chieftain: See above, but term lasts for a month instead of 3 weeks.

  Assistant: Consists of 1 person. A term lasts for 2 weeks, and a member can only be re-elected
twice in a row, and automatically becomes a Helper after this term expires.

VI. Treasury

  During a meeting, any member may make a donation to the treasury. Its suggested and a good 
sport to do so. Roughly three-quarters (3/4) of the treasury is designated as cash for training.
Since high level players training costs alot of money, the guild is limited to support a fraction
of the training cost instead of all of it. If you are under the 11th level, you get full cash
support. And the higher you go in levels, the less the guild supports you. And the remaining 1/4
of the treasury is divided up among the ranks as payment for their services. In our activities,
any amount of treasure that can be sold (which excludes potions and scrolls) is to be sold and
given to the treasury. 

VII. Other Stuff

  We will have activities scheduled, and you will be informed at the week's meeting of any plans
for activities such as visiting Sheep on suchnsuch at suchnsuch PM EST... Anyone may suggest an
activity, as it is encouraged.
